README.md, before:

# An Example Chat Application using Feathers & Next.js frameworks

This is an experimental project for honing Node.js full-stack skills, notably:

- Feathers: a REST and real-time API layer for Node.js and the browser
- composing Express applications: Feathers & Next.js
- websocket-based messaging

The chat application is derived from Feathers sample projects:

- [feathersjs/feathers-chat](https://github.com/feathersjs/feathers-chat.git)
- [feathersjs/feathers-chat-react](https://github.com/feathersjs-ecosystem/feathers-chat-react.git)

These sample projects are combined into a single full-stack application adapted for Next.js and
built upon a project foundation developed for the example project:

- [mjbrown/nextjs-react-hooks-example](https://gitlab.com/mjbrown/nextjs-react-hooks-example.git)
  
which implements the following features:

- Next.js React framework
- React Hooks
- JSX styling w/ Bulma Sass
- Markdown
- Immer for state immutability
- axios http w/ async/wait
- ARIA tags for accessibilty & testing
- AVA and Jest for unit testing
- Cypress for integration and end-to-end testing

See the [documentation](./public/index.md) for more information.

# License

[MIT](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

Refactored directory structure, code cleanup, and tooling to support flow-type for server code; Removed Chat app; Added Ticker apps, one with RxJS-based Redux-Observable middleware.

README.md, after:

# An Example Redux Observable Application using Feathers & Next.js frameworks

This is an experimental project for honing Node.js full-stack skills, notably:

- Redux-Observable for stream epics
- RxJS libraray for stream processing
- Most library for stream processing
- anonmyous websocket steams
- superagent (instead of axios)

This sample project is built upon a project foundation developed for:

- [mjbrown/chat-feathers-nextjs-react-hooks-example](https://gitlab.com/mjbrown/chat-feathers-nextjs-react-hooks-example.git)
  
which implements the following features:

- Feathers: a REST and real-time API layer for Node.js and the browser
- Next.js React framework
- composing Express applications: Feathers & Next.js
- React Hooks
- styling w/ Bulma Sass
- Markdown
- Immer for state immutability
- axios http w/ async/wait
- websocket-based messaging
- LWT-based user authentication
- ARIA tags for accessibilty & testing
- AVA and Jest for unit testing
- Cypress for integration and end-to-end testing


See the [documentation](./public/index.md) for more information.

# License

[MIT](./LICENSE)
